Update Object Types.md (#2342)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/handbook-v2/Object Types.md

Above, we have a `StringArray` interface which has an index signature.
This index signature states that when a `StringArray` is indexed with a `number`, it will return a `string`.

> An index signature property type must be in 'string','number' or 'symbol'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An index signature property type must be `string`, `number` or `symbol`.
```
